looking at the financial system you will
see the flaws which are now fully
apparent that is pervasive at every
level you can't escape it so what do
central planners do when times get tough
and the economy turns sluggish well
that's pretty obvious pump it up you
came here for the truth so let me under
there for you that day we're going to
look at which country sold billions in
u.s. debt we're gonna cut right to the
chase right now and tell you that Japan
has sold billions of dollars worth and
you will see that here it is a
continuing trend that is going on many
people are worried about China but do
not forget what Japan is doing in how
much they hold we are talking about a
trillion dollars worth and this has
seriously made a difference when you
look at where it was back in 2014 2015
and today so I'm going to connect that
in with a few other issues that we have
today I'm going to show you what's
happening in the news right now and then
I want to look at the most important
thing and I've saved it for the end so
hang in there I will cover this as
quickly and concisely as possible
foreign Holdings change in US corporate
stocks this was very interesting you may
not even be able to see this but there
was a small change on the negative side
so we've had consistent months here in
the positive territory but that changed
and while it's not a significant number
it does represent a change so we don't
know what's gonna happen as of this time
but I think it's important to make that
note to keep an eye on it and we can see
the next few months how this goes I
would try to cover this statistic of
course I always like to continuously
track certain statistics and indicators
so we're going back basically into the
level not seen since August of 2017 so
it is something to note anyway
looking at this earnings give us stocks
a boost can you believe it
earnings which are based on completely
fake and fraudulent numbers you can read
infectious greed by Frank Partnoy talks
a lot about that you can see where the
Dow Jones is going headed towards that
twenty five thousand mark again we'll
see if they can continue there it seems
like the market isn't spooked about
anything just for maybe a day and then
it eases off and then maybe a day here
and there and then it eases off we
haven't seen the previous highs of
course still down quite a bit in the
percentage-wise but ultimately the
market is just looking for areas to buy
the dip and we know who exactly is
buying the dip I mean we can see the
plunge protection team we have the share
buybacks that are occurring and of
course the central bank itself
intervening in the markets by the way
that chart I was just showing you is
from tuesday's Orkut so I don't know
when you're viewing this but it's from
Tuesday China cuts deposit reserve rate
for the first time in twenty six months
to unleash cash reserve requirement
ratio will be cut by one percentage
point from April 25th this is directly
from the central bank in China you can
see what they have done here when you
have a crisis unfolding when you have
the economy turning sluggish you have to
pump it up and here what they have done
is basically said we're going to relax
our lending standards how many times
have you heard me talking about this
specifically for China now sure their
reserves are going to be higher than in
areas like the US for example but still
we have to base all of our facts on that
particular country or region that we're
talking about and in this case here
China has been decreasing their reserve
requirements because they want to
stimulate they want to make sure people
keep borrowing and borrowing
it's not a good sign but the market sees
it as a good sign which is quite
topsy-turvy feds taxed and borrowed four
and a half trillion dollars since last
tax day
13700 for every man woman and child in
the USA so you could see that number for
yourself right here I mean just think
about these like how expensive that is
taxing people at the level of trillions
of dollars and then where does it go I'm
not really sure but basically whenever I
think of taxes it's like this bottomless
pit that just goes downward and downward
and all our money flows in I mean where
is it going we don't really know it's
just ultimately a question now this is
something that I've talked about so many
times
Goldman revenue by segment you don't
have to look at the segments what I want
to show you is that because of increased
volatility this is q1 2018 there was a
spike upward in their revenue they make
money when the markets are volatile so
they'll bet on anything I mean wherever
they can get it they will we saw
volatility basically trading at the
floor
for the longest period of time and they
took that bet because they knew that the
market would continue to slide like this
the VIX would continue slide so they
were betting based on that and they were
winning and then as the market became
more volatile they have been able to
profit off of that and that's what
they're doing
that's how traders make money that's how
trading systems make money that's how
these financial establishments make
money is based on the volatility it's
based on the markets going up and down
if the market was always flat there
would be no way for them to make money
if the
volumes were low which by the way they
were extremely low on this trading
session on Tuesday
this obviously presents us with a little
issue ara Goldman Sachs total q1 revenue
just wanted to show that here that it
was declining over the years and I think
because it was so obvious that the
central bank was gonna print nothing's
gonna be a problem anymore don't worry
about it but that changed particularly
in 2018 as we saw the volatility finally
take effect Netflix non-gaap free cash
flow something that I cover again very
often while the numbers have reduced in
March 2018 looking at this quarter in
particular we could see where it was a
few years ago even just last March it
was at 422 but it doesn't matter look at
where it was in 2014 and look at where
it is today
this company is burning through money
yes they have a lot of signups
yes I realize you've invested in it okay
I realized that you have money invested
in this but just look at what they're
doing and how much of you know is it
worth what it is I mean look at the p/e
ratios on this I mean if you want to
play technicals look at the p/e ratios
look at the statistics the indicators
that would show us if the markets
weren't supported by central bank
monetary easing look at it you would
have a completely different view this is
IBM okay their effective tax rate forty
seven point five percent no wait a
second
you forgot to read the negative minus
forty seven point five percent
they can come up with any excuse in the
book you've seen the same thing being
done by GE and so many other companies
where they are able to shuffle things
around and not pay taxes how much do you
pay in taxes I know what I pay in taxes
it's not fun every time you go to the
store you buy something you get taxed
you buy your new home you get taxed you
go fill up gas at the gas station you
get taxed you go to buy a piece of
electronics you get those carbon taxes
depending on where you live and so on
tax is everywhere then you make your
income tax don't even get me started but
if you're one of the big conglomerates
or corporations you don't have to worry
about all this of course because you're
able to shuffle the books around now
this is the big news here one of the
primary indicators of a coming recession
is the yield curve and it is right now
collapsing to show you another chart on
this in a moment
this is a good way to be able to see
okay the last time this happened what
occurred etc okay you can see this
heading into the financial crisis
heading into the dot-com boom and bust
all right
and I believe I have one more right here
the Nasdaq g3 central bank balance sheet
they're rising for all eternity
but look at what is happening to the
yield curve very very bad if you're a
technicals
type of person you don't want to see
this and you especially don't want to
see the fact that these are widening so
much because ultimately what that shows
me is that when it does fall down it's
going to be like it's falling off a
cliff it would be nice to see
gradual sort of fall here that took
place over a year or two but perhaps we
could see it falling over a cliff
instead that's not what I want to see
because I know what's gonna happen to
pension funds I know what's gonna happen
all along the line I know about the
ripple effect and how this will affect
real people in their pocketbooks okay
and then you look at the tech financials
ratio guess what hasn't been this high
since the dot-com boom and bust and
that's why when people talk about well
things are different this time around
look in terms of ratios we are still at
the same point we were that's maybe you
could say you know good or bad or how
you want to look at it I see a lot of
indicators popping up showing us that we
are reaching beyond what happened during
the financial crisis and going into this
euphoric sort of you know state that we
were in during this time frame of the
dot-com boom and ultimately what happens
people get a little too anxious they get
a little too curious they start putting
money where it shouldn't be and they pay
the price you won't be able to know when
it's gonna happen
nobody really knows when you can make
assumptions you can take good guesses
ultimately we already have more than
enough that we need to set this off but
what we need first is a spark
we need this spark to be set off to make
it happen
spark leads in and everything goes down
from there the spark is what we need
we've been building up until this point
but without the spark it can continue on
forever not forever but for a period of
time and why not
central banks are willing to completely
devalue the currencies until the point
where they default look at me look at
Venezuela
you could see that what's happening
today they're willing to just go all the
way you have to give them some credit on
that one if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
you need to support this channel more
though now than ever if you found the
video informative I know you find my
books the money GPS I'm a newer release
global economic collapse even more
informative if you want to flip through
these books there are links in the
description definitely check out all of
the links in the description I'm going
to be adding more in there you will see
over the course of the next few days and
months and so on
the information that I brought out in my
kitten video yes you heard that right if
you don't know what I'm talking about
in the comment section below if you
haven't seen it already definitely check
it out it's still going on and
unfortunate I'll leave it there that's
all
take care